README.md, before:

<!--
**nicoledanuwidjaja/nicoledanuwidjaja** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
# HELLO! 🏎️🏎️🏎️ 
Aspiring software engineer, entrepreneur, and thinker. I’ve worked at [WHOOP](http://whoop.com/) and [Zwift](https://zwift.com/) and I’m currently a Founding Engineer at [Pareto](http://hellopareto.com/), a Stanford-based tech startup.

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicoledanuwidjaja/">
  <img align="left" alt="LinkedIn" width="40px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/thenickyflash">
  <img align="left" alt="Instagram" width="40px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />
</a>

# About me

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nicoledanuwidjaja&show_icons=true)

### TODO List:
- Build Blockchain in Go
- Explore WebXR apps

### Current Hot Topic:
[OpenAI GPT-3](https://www.technologyreview.com/2020/07/20/1005454/openai-machine-learning-language-generator-gpt-3-nlp/)

## HOT LINKS
[My Writings](https://www.quora.com/profile/Nicole-Danuwidjaja)

[My Videos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgAGSpR6DPXyRoFWDtQYUfQ)

[My Website](https://danuwidjaja.com/)

Commit message:

Cool tech things I've done

README.md, after:

<!--
**nicoledanuwidjaja/nicoledanuwidjaja** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
# HELLO! 🏎️🏎️🏎️ 
Incoming software engineering intern at [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/). Aspiring software engineer, entrepreneur, and thinker. I’ve worked at [WHOOP](http://whoop.com/) and [Zwift](https://zwift.com/) and I’m currently a Founding Engineer at [Pareto](http://hellopareto.com/), a Stanford-based tech startup.

## About Me
Since I was little, my dream was to work as a game developer for Supercell, the maker of the very popular and addicting game, Clash of Clans. When I was 13, after I saw the instant success of Flappy Bird, I made it my life's mission to study computer science so that one day, I could create my own app.

### Cool tech things I've done
- Contributed to an [open-source platform](https://github.com/webaverse/xrpackage) for distributed in-browser VR/AR applications using Three.js, WebGL, and Node.js.
- Created a [web application](https://master.d2ezegqjichq73.amplifyapp.com/) for Black Lives Matter live event updates, an image anonymizer tool, and resources, created using Amazon Amplify, n8n (open source workflow automation tool), React, and GCP.
- Scraped the 2020 U.S. Presidential Candidates' tweets using Tweepy and created a [web application](https://github.com/vkong6019/scrapetheprez) to compare candidates' tweets on political keywords.
- Attended 8 hackathons to date across the U.S., winning awards at [TechTogether Boston](https://devpost.com/software/miraimessage) and [YHack](https://devpost.com/software/garbadoor).


<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicoledanuwidjaja/">
  <img align="left" alt="LinkedIn" width="40px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/thenickyflash">
  <img align="left" alt="Instagram" width="40px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />
</a>

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nicoledanuwidjaja&show_icons=true)

### TODO List:
- Build Blockchain in Go
- Explore WebXR apps

### Current Hot Topic:
[OpenAI GPT-3](https://www.technologyreview.com/2020/07/20/1005454/openai-machine-learning-language-generator-gpt-3-nlp/)

## HOT LINKS
[My Writings](https://www.quora.com/profile/Nicole-Danuwidjaja)

[My Videos](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgAGSpR6DPXyRoFWDtQYUfQ)

[My Website](https://danuwidjaja.com/)
